Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will customize Web security configuration, shipping security mean it
provides to US security features, ID and authorization and handles both of them or authentication messages.
Actually, we talk about it in our previous lesson.
The important thing is how can we reach the authentication manager in Sibling Sibling Security provides
the Web security Conficker adapter class to arrange the authentication manage these GOLOS provides a
way to override and customize the security configuration according to our application requirements.
With using these golos, we can also configure HTP security so we can set restrictions so different
parts by using math chains to set different parts and a lot rules.
Now we can start to implement it to do it.
First of all, let's create a new class under the security package.
Our class name will be security config.
To customize our security configuration, we will extend Web security to configure adductor in our class
and we will add the enable their security annotation on top of the class.
This annotation test to the sprint security that this class is the Web security configuration class.
And we will add configuration annotation because we will describe some beans in this class.
So to describe beans in spring, we need configuration annotation.
First of all, let's configure alternate station manager, build it, installing security authentication
manager builder is in charge for authentication.
So we need to override Method Configure, which receives authentication manager builders as espera and
use it to set type of authentication.
They can implement user data service to specify how users should be retrieved from the system.
Also, we can specify the password encoder on authentication manager able to.
Actually, we have already described our custom user data service and custom password encoder.
We can assign both of them to the authentication manager, by the way.
We can move the password encoder being from the main class to security config because security config
will be meaningful for it.
And security config is a separate configuration class so we can describe beings in this class after
injecting them.
We will assign them to authentication manager to be able to.
OK, our authentication manager builder is ready now we can configure HTP security, we can configure
authorization using the HTP security object by overriding the method configure of class, the security
configure adapter, which receives HTP security as a parameter.
Here we can set restrictions to different parts by using Mattachine to set different parts and load
roles.
With this configuration, we will all write the configure method in security once we add the security
dependency in our application.
By default, all the orders need authentication.
What if we want to provide different areas that have different access requirements?
Exactly.
We should overwrite this configuration method in this configure method.
First of all, we will enable cross origin resource sharing access because we will use different origins
on the backend and front end.
So we needed.
Secondly, we will disable cross site request forgery, crosseyed request forgery, also known as One-Click
attack or session writing, attackers can use session really or Kukerin you and use it as a web security
vulnerability.
But they don't use session authentication.
We will use JWT.
JWT is also not constant, not predictable.
So attackers cannot reach it if we don't store it on cookies on the front and we will store the JWT
in local storage and send it in an authorization header, then our site is protected against cross site
request forgery.
To sum up, cookies are vulnerable.
If we don't use random headers on cookies, attackers can handle them easily.
So crosseyed exposure is generated randomly for each guest or JWT is used on local stores in spring
security.
We also handle HTP sessions when we say session after the user is often authenticated, other requests
will require any authentication or how long the session will Sawai.
Actually, the station manager, solves these kinds of problems.
In our case, we want to use this paintless session.
It is a guaranteed way that the application will not create any session at all.
So each and every request needs to be authenticated because we will use JWT as authentication, then
we can authorize requests.
In default, we will authorize all requests except log in and register.
But for now, we can plan our logon and register end points that will start with API authentication.
So according to it, we can permit our requests.
OK, now our HTP secret is also ready now time to create an automatism many will be actually executed.
A Conficker adapter also provides that we will just override it, then we will specify it as a bin with
bin annotation.
Actually, the alternate station manager has been idee on Sprink, but we can reach it from being I.D.
easily being idee is unidentified for being so DPN will be the same as an override and be.
OK, that's all about sibling security configuration.
Finally, this class is a configuration class, so we can describe a new thing or we can customize other
sibling configurations.
Should define looing origins for cross origin resource sharing so we can describe it here.
Also with cross origin resource sharing, we can specify a lot of origins, a lot methods and a lot.
That's, for example, if our application has only post requests, then we can restrict a lot methods
with post methods.
Or if they have a specific domain like example dot com, then we can allow it.
Only if a request is not allowed by cross origin resource sharing, then the request will be blocked.
Now let's implement it.
We can do it with that NBC configuration.
This is a specific class for cross origin resource sharing.
Configuration, let's create a method like cause configuration and this method will be a sprint, B
sibling ping is used to create nine instances and default instances are Singleton.
So this will be created one time and we can reach it throughout the application.
And this matter to people, all right, the ad calls mapping smattered.
We will allow all origins for testing's.
And ellos methods and and law, all methods and allow all parts also.
OK, that's all.
Thank you.